docs(performance): Add note about performance issue quota (#12113)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/performance/index.mdx

## Triage Performance Issues

<Note>

> **Issues and Event Quotas**
> 
> Your quota is consumed by events or traces, not issues. Performance issues are generated from your accepted transactions, which **does not** directly impact your quota. Performance transaction events use transactions, which **does** directly impact your quota. Sentry does provide tools, however, to control the type and amount of error and transaction events that are accepted. Learn more in [Quota Management](/pricing/quotas/manage-transaction-quota).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Issue and Event Quotas**

Your quota is consumed by events or traces, not issues. Performance issues are generated from your accepted transactions, which **doesn't** directly impact your quota. Performance transaction events use transactions, which **does** directly impact your quota. Sentry provides tools to control the type and number of error and transaction events that are accepted. Learn more in [Quota Management](/pricing/quotas/manage-transaction-quota).
```
